First rework of retryability guide (#4835)
cypress-io/cypress-documentation: content/api/commands/wait.md

#### When given a `time` argument:

- `cy.wait()` yields the same subject it was given.

> - `.screenshot()` is a command, and it is **unsafe** to chain further methods

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `cy.wait()` is a command, and it is **unsafe** to chain further methods
```

Author: :+1:
